In previous lesson, we have tested the integer division method and to do that we first invoked this
method and then to verify if this method works well and if it returns correct result we have used assert
equals assertion.
Now assertions is actually what we use to verify.
If the method under test that we are testing works well and returns correct result.
Each assertion is a small utility method that makes a decision whether this unit test should pass or
fail.
And it makes a decision by evaluating condition with a given input parameters.
If condition is not true, then assertion fails and it throws an exception with a message.
And to customize the error message a little bit, we can include our own custom error message into assertion.
So one additional parameter and that assertion checks it is a message.
And this message parameter is optional and you do not need to provide any message here.
But it is considered a good practice to always provide a good and descriptive message for each assertion.
This message will then be printed in the report, but only if this assertion fails the test method.
If this method passes, then of course there will be no message printed.
But if it fails, then you can use this additional message to include possible explanation.
For example, we could say here that integer division did not produce expected result.
Or be even more specific and say something like this.
Four divided by two did not produce two, and in this case, one test report is reviewed by another
developer on YouTube team.
They will have more information to understand why this particular assertion has failed the test.